Change type of `CheatSpan::TargetCalls` to `NonZeroUsize` (#3543)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

- Bug where syscall execution resources from nested calls were being calculated twice

#### Changed

> - Use of `NonZero<usize>` type instead of `usize` in `CheatSpan::TargetCalls`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CheatSpan::TargetCalls` accepts now `NonZero<usize>` instead of `usize`, in `snforge_std`
```
